✨ The 20th community highlight! (#17740)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2021-05-07-community-highlights.markdown

date: 2021-05-07 00:00:00
date_formatted: "May 7, 2021"
author: Klaas Schoute
author_twitter: klaasnicolaas
categories: Community
og_image: /images/blog/2021-05-07-community-highlights/social.png
---

Damn! We are already at the 20th edition of the Home Assistant Community
Highlights! Some interesting things popped up around our community, we
thought was worth sharing.

Do you want to share something for the next edition?
Information on [how to share](#got-a-tip-for-the-next-edition).

./Klaas <br>
*Intern on Home Assistant Energy*

## Blueprint of the week
------

<div style="margin:0 auto; text-align:center">
    <a href="https://community.home-assistant.io/t/deconz-simple-alarm-control-panel-blueprint/305397" target="_blank">
        <img
            src='/images/blog/2021-05-07-community-highlights/keypad.jpg'
            alt="Zigbee alarm Keypad"
            style='border: 0;box-shadow: none;width:60%;margin-bottom:15px;'
        />
    </a>
</div>

Recently Home Assistant has received support for the use of alarm keypads

> with deCONZ, that work with an alarm control panel entity and the `deconz_alarm_event`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with deCONZ, which works with an alarm control panel entity and the `deconz_alarm_event`.
```

Therefore this week's blueprint is that of [Robban](https://community.home-assistant.io/u/Robban),
with which you can use a physical (Zigbee) keypad to switch your alarm on
or off.

> Keep in mind: the support in deCONZ rest plugin is still in an **alpa** stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind: the support in deCONZ rest plugin is still in an **alpha** stage.
```

        />
    </a>
</div>

Fresh off the press, we came across something really cool on
the [community forum](https://community.home-assistant.io/t/home-assistant-browser-extension/305992).

[bokub](https://github.com/bokub) has made browser extensions for
[Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/home-assistant/hpoiflhmfklhfcfpibmdmpeonphmdbda)
and [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/nl/firefox/addon/home-assistant/) with
which you can display a Lovelace dashboard in your browser and thus quickly
switch a light, for example.

<a href="https://github.com/bokub/home-assistant-extension"><img style="border: 0;" src="https://gh-card.dev/repos/bokub/home-assistant-extension.svg"></a>

## ESPHome 1.17
------

<div style="margin:0 auto; text-align:center">
    <a href="https://esphome.io/changelog/v1.17.0.html" target="_blank">
        <img
            src='/images/blog/2021-05-07-community-highlights/esphome.png'
            alt="ESPHome changelog"
            style='border: 0;box-shadow: none;width:90%;margin-bottom:15px;'
        />
    </a>
</div>

A new version of [ESPHome][esphome] has also been released this week! 🥳

> In particular I would like to pay attention to the new [pulse_meter](https://esphome.io/components/sensor/pulse_meter.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In particular, I would like to point out the new [pulse_meter](https://esphome.io/components/sensor/pulse_meter.html)
```
